feat: Add additional F5 WAF for NGINX pages (#1249)
nginx/documentation: content/waf/policies/directives.md

| app_protect_security_log | app_protect_security_log <file_path> <destination> | Specifies the per-request logging: what to log and where | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_security_log /config/waf/log_illegal.json syslog:localhost:522 |
| app_protect_custom_log_attribute | app_protect_custom_log_attribute <key_value> | Specifies the assigned location/server/http dimension of each request. | HTTP, Server, Location | app_protect_custom_log_attribute ‘environment' 'env1' |

{{< /table >}}

### Horizontal scaling

F5 WAF for NGINX can be deployed in multiple instances that share the traffic to the same applications. 

In this case, all instances must share the same configuration files. 

It is your responsibility to synchronize the files on all instances. You must also load balancing each of those instances, such as using additional NGINX instances.

When deploying multiple scalability instances add the `app_protect_cookie_seed` directive to nginx.conf in the `http` block:

```nginx
...
http {
    ...
    app_protect_cookie_seed jkldsf90upiokasdj120;
    ...
    server {
        listen       80;
...
}
...
```

> The argument for the directive should be a random alphanumeric string of at least 20 characters length (Maximum 1000 characters). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The argument for the directive should be a random alphanumeric string of at least 20 characters (Maximum 1000 characters). 
```

A cookie created and encrypted on one instance of F5 WAF for NGINX will fail to be decrypted when sent by the same client to another F5 WAF for NGINX instance having a different encryption key.

### Failure modes

If the F5 WAF for NGINX daemons are down or disconnected from the NGINX workers, there are two modes of operation until they are up and connected again:

-   **Pass** the traffic without inspection. Use this when preferring availability over security. This mode is also known as "fail open".
-   **Drop** the traffic. Use this when preferring security over availability. This mode is also known as "fail closed".

The default is to **pass**, fail open, but you can control this using the `app_protect_failure_mode_action` directive with one argument with two possible values: "pass" or "fail" for the two above options.

This directive is also placed in the `http` block of the nginx.conf file.

```nginx
...
http {
    ...
    app_protect_failure_mode_action drop;
    ...
    server {
        listen       80;
...
    }
...
```

## Handling compressed requests

{{< call-out "warning" >}}

> From F5 WAF for NGINX release version 4.6, the `app_protect_compressed_requests_action` directive was removed deprecated from the nginx configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From F5 WAF for NGINX release version 4.6, the `app_protect_compressed_requests_action` directive was removed deprecated from the NGINX configuration.
```

> When configuring this directive in the `nginx.conf` file, F5 WAF for NGINX will disregard any previously used values ("pass" or "drop") and issue a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring this directive in the `nginx.conf` file, F5 WAF for NGINX disregards any previously used values ("pass" or "drop") and issues a warning.
```

{{< /call-out >}}

> By default, the enforcer will now decompress all the HTTP compressed payload request and will apply the enforcment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the enforcer will now decompress all the HTTP compressed payload requests and will apply the enforcment. 
```
?

Reviewer 2: is it a single request? 
```suggestion
By default, the enforcer will now decompress the whole HTTP compressed payload request and will apply the enforcement. 
```

> By default, the enforcer will now decompress all the HTTP compressed payload request and will apply the enforcment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the enforcer now decompresses all the HTTP compressed payload request and applies the enforcement. 
```
